---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Circular buffer (first version) and buffer in Cam
---

Once the first version of the buffer with delay is running the next necessary step is to implement a circular buffer to avoid the increase in size of this buffer. But first, the buffer with delay (and also the instructions which control the different branches) was moved to the Cam branch too, to allow the application run without GUI. At the moment, this GUI-off option saves the results that were displayed in the 'Combined' window in .jpg files. Now, to execute the main program you need to type in the terminal (in the case you do not want the GUI to start / in the case you want the GUI -> off / on): 

<pre>
python2 objectsegmentator.py objectsegmentator.yml off
</pre>

The circular buffer is done to control the buffer size, which tends to increase due to the tracker changes in speed (FPS). For this reason, the first version of this tracker needs to handle two main situations: tracker fast and tracker slow (measured in FPS rate). In the first case, the old frames in the buffer are discarded for the next tracking. In the second case, some frames are skipped. With this changes, the tracking and the segmentation are closer to the real frames captured by the camera and, as I said before, the buffer does not increases its size without control.

But, as usually happens, this first version has some bugs that need to be fixed. For example, sometimes old frames are still 'alive' and it takes some time to the program to update the processing with the last frames in the buffer.

This buffer upgrade is not available without GUI for the moment. 

